Hey, you made it!
Well done!
Let's wrap up what you've learned
in this section of the course.
We explored the structure of a network,
including WANs and LANs.
We also discussed standard
networking tools like hubs, switches,
routers, and modems.
We briefly introduced cloud networks, and
we discussed their benefits.
We also spent some time
on the TCP/IP model.
As a reminder, technicians and security
analysts often use this framework when
communicating where network
problems have occurred.
That wraps up this section.
Next, you'll learn more
about network operations and
how data is transmitted
over wireless networks.